+++
title = "Perceptual difficulty and pupil dilation"
date = 2017-01-01T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2018-01-19T15:00:00
time_end = 2018-01-19T16:00:00

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = ""
abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "PNB Research Seminar (McMaster)"
#event_url = ""

# Location of event.
location = "Hamilton, Canada"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["perceptual learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["face-perception"]

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
#[header]
#image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
#caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

Joint presentation with Hanae Davis.

Embed your slides or video here using [shortcodes](https://sourcethemes.com/academic/post/writing-markdown-latex/). Further details can easily be added using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code.
